add Node SDK ContinueAsNew docs and update Cancellation docs (#564)
temporalio/documentation: docs/node/workflows.md

If you `await` a workflow with `execute()`, you will get the result back after it completes.
There is no official support for querying the state of asynchronously started Workflows in Node.js yet.

## How Workflow operations are canceled

In the Node SDK, Workflows are represented internally by a tree of **Cancellation Scopes**, each with cancellation behaviors you can specify.
Everything runs in the "root" scope by default.

Scopes are created using the [`CancellationScope`](https://nodejs.temporal.io/api/classes/workflow.cancellationscope) constructor, or one of 3 static helpers:

> - [`cancellable(fn)`](https://nodejs.temporal.io/api/classes/workflow.cancellationscope#cancellable-1) : children are automatically cancelled when their containing scope is cancelled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`cancellable(fn)`](https://nodejs.temporal.io/api/classes/workflow.cancellationscope#cancellable-1): children are automatically cancelled when their containing scope is cancelled.
```

  - Equivalent to `new CancellationScope().run(fn)`.
- [`nonCancellable(fn)`](https://nodejs.temporal.io/api/classes/workflow.cancellationscope#noncancellable): prevents cancellation from propagating to children.
  - Equivalent to `new CancellationScope({ cancellable: false }).run(fn)`.

> - [`withTimeout(timeoutMs, fn)`](https://nodejs.temporal.io/api/classes/workflow.cancellationscope#withtimeout): If timeout triggers before `fn` resolves the scope will be cancelled, triggering cancellation of enclosed operations, such as activities and timers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`withTimeout(timeoutMs, fn)`](https://nodejs.temporal.io/api/classes/workflow.cancellationscope#withtimeout): if timeout triggers before `fn` resolves the scope will be cancelled, triggering cancellation of enclosed operations, such as activities and timers.
```
nit: we should keep consistent casing.

  - Equivalent to `new CancellationScope({ cancellable: true, timeout: timeoutMs }).run(fn)`.

Cancellation propagates from outer scopes to inner ones and is handled by catching `CancelledError`s thrown by cancellable operations (see below).

> Scopes all return native JS Promises, so you can use all the familiar Promise APIs like `Promise.all` and `Promise.race` to model your async logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CancellationScope.run()` and the static helpers mentioned above all return native JS Promises, so you can use the familiar Promise APIs like `Promise.all` and `Promise.race` to model your async logic.
```

Other APIs you can use:

- `CancellationScope.current()`: get the current scope
- `scope.cancel()`: cancel all operations inside a `scope`

> - `scope.run()`: run an async function within a `scope`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `scope.run(fn)`: run an async function within a `scope`, returns the result of `fn`
```

- `scope.cancelRequested`: a promise that resolves when a scope cancellation is requested, e.g when Workflow code calls `cancel()` or the entire Workflow is cancelled by an external client.

When a `CancellationScope` is cancelled, it propagates cancellation to any child scopes and any cancellable operations created within it, such as:

- Activities
- Timers (created with the [`sleep`](https://nodejs.temporal.io/api/modules/workflow#sleep) function)
- [`Trigger`](https://nodejs.temporal.io/api/classes/workflow.trigger)s

> ### Internal Cancellation example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Internal cancellation example
```

<!--SNIPSTART nodejs-cancel-a-timer-from-workflow-->
<!--SNIPEND-->

Alternatively, the preceding can be written as:

<!--SNIPSTART nodejs-cancel-a-timer-from-workflow-alternative-impl-->
<!--SNIPEND-->

> ### External Cancellation example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### External cancellation example
```

> Handle Workflow cancellation by an external client while an Activity is running:

Reviewer: Perhaps we should add a sample here of how this Workflow could be cancelled using a `WorkflowStub` (doesn't have to be in this PR).

Author: ```suggestion
Handle Workflow cancellation by an external client while an Activity is running:

<!-- TODO: add a sample here of how this Workflow could be cancelled using a WorkflowStub -->
```

<!--SNIPSTART nodejs-handle-external-workflow-cancellation-while-activity-running-->
<!--SNIPEND-->

### `nonCancellable` example

`CancellationScope.nonCancellable` prevents cancellation from propagating to children:

<!--SNIPSTART nodejs-non-cancellable-shields-children-->
<!--SNIPEND-->

### `withTimeout` example

A very common operation is to cancel one or more activities if a deadline elapses, `withTimeout` creates a `CancellationScope` that is automatically cancelled after a given timeout.

<!--SNIPSTART nodejs-multiple-activities-single-timeout-workflow-->
<!--SNIPEND-->

### `scope.cancelRequested`

You can await `cancelRequested` to make Workflow aware of cancellation while waiting on `nonCancellable` scopes:

<!--SNIPSTART nodejs-cancel-requested-with-non-cancellable-->
<!--SNIPEND-->

> Callbacks are not particularly useful in Workflows because all meaningful asynchronous operations return Promises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### CancellationScopes and callbacks 

Callbacks are not particularly useful in Workflows because all meaningful asynchronous operations return Promises.
```

> ## How to cancel a Workflow Execution

Reviewer: This title doesn't reflect the content below.

To cancel a Workflow execution call the `cancel()` method on a `WorkflowStub`.

This section talks about cancellation of Workflow operations.

Author: ```suggestion
## How Workflow operations are canceled
```

In the Node SDK, Workflows are represented internally by a tree of **Cancellation Scopes**, each with cancellation behaviors you can specify.

> The Workflow `main` function is the only scope with no parent, running as the "root" scope.

Reviewer: Everything runs in the root scope unless you explicitly create a new scope.

Author: ```suggestion
Everything runs in the "root" scope by default.
```

Scopes are created using the [`CancellationScope`](https://nodejs.temporal.io/api/classes/workflow.cancellationscope) constructor, or one of 3 static helpers:

- [`cancellable(fn)`](https://nodejs.temporal.io/api/classes/workflow.cancellationscope#cancellable-1) : children are automatically cancelled when their containing scope is cancelled.
  - Equivalent to `new CancellationScope().run(fn)`.
- [`nonCancellable(fn)`](https://nodejs.temporal.io/api/classes/workflow.cancellationscope#noncancellable): prevents cancellation from propagating to children.
  - Equivalent to `new CancellationScope({ cancellable: false }).run(fn)`.

> - [`withTimeout(timeoutMs, fn)`](https://nodejs.temporal.io/api/classes/workflow.cancellationscope#withtimeout): If timeout triggers before all activities complete, the Workflow will fail with a `CancelledError`.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is correct. withTimeout should cancel the enclosed fn, but it doesn't really mean that the workflow is canceled. And it is not really related to activities as the fn might not contain any activities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`withTimeout(timeoutMs, fn)`](https://nodejs.temporal.io/api/classes/workflow.cancellationscope#withtimeout): If timeout triggers before `fn` resolves the scope will be cancelled, triggering cancellation of enclosed operations, such as activities and timers.
```

  - Equivalent to `new CancellationScope({ cancellable: true, timeout: timeoutMs }).run(fn)`.

Cancellation propagates from outer scopes to inner ones and is handled by catching `CancelledError`s thrown by cancellable operations (see below).

Scopes all return native JS Promises, so you can use all the familiar Promise APIs like `Promise.all` and `Promise.race` to model your async logic.
Other APIs you can use:

- `CancellationScope.current()`: get the current scope
- `scope.cancel()`: cancel all operations inside a `scope`
- `scope.run()`: run an async function within a `scope`

> - `scope.cancelRequested()`: a promise that resolves when a cancel request hits a `nonCancellable` workflow

Reviewer 2: I don't know what "hits nonCancellable workflow' means and how it applies to cancelRequested.

I believe `cancelRequested` indicates if the scope was canceled. For example `CancellationScope.current().cancelRequested()` allows to check if the current scope is canceled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `scope.cancelRequested`: a promise that resolves when a scope cancellation is requested, e.g when Workflow code calls `cancel()` or the entire Workflow is cancelled by an external client.
```

> When a `CancellationScope` is cancelled, it propagates cancellation in any child scopes and of any cancellable operations created within it, such as:

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure but to me sounds like "propagates in" should be changed to "propagates to".

Reviewer: 👍

Author: ```suggestion
When a `CancellationScope` is cancelled, it propagates cancellation to any child scopes and any cancellable operations created within it, such as:
```

- Activities
- Timers (created with the [`sleep`](https://nodejs.temporal.io/api/modules/workflow#sleep) function)
- [`Trigger`](https://nodejs.temporal.io/api/classes/workflow.trigger)s

### Internal Cancellation example

<!--SNIPSTART nodejs-cancel-a-timer-from-workflow-->
<!--SNIPEND-->

Alternatively, the preceding can be written as:

<!--SNIPSTART nodejs-cancel-a-timer-from-workflow-alternative-impl-->
<!--SNIPEND-->

### External Cancellation example

Handle Workflow cancellation by an external client while an Activity is running:

<!--SNIPSTART nodejs-handle-external-workflow-cancellation-while-activity-running-->
<!--SNIPEND-->

### `nonCancellable` example

`CancellationScope.nonCancellable` prevents cancellation from propagating to children:

<!--SNIPSTART nodejs-non-cancellable-shields-children-->
<!--SNIPEND-->

### `withTimeout` example

> A very common operation is to cancel one or more activities if a deadline elapses:

Reviewer 2: Automatically cancels scope on timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A very common operation is to cancel one or more activities if a deadline elapses, `withTimeout` creates a `CancellationScope` that is automatically cancelled after a given timeout. 
```

<!--SNIPSTART nodejs-multiple-activities-single-timeout-workflow-->
<!--SNIPEND-->

### `scope.cancelRequested`

> You can await `cancelRequested` to make Workflow aware of cancellation while waiting on `nonCancellable` scopes:

Reviewer 2: Not workflow, but the specific scope. 

@bergundy should we even call it nonCancellable? I believe it is cancellable as it can be canceled using its handle. It is "disconnected" as the cancellation is not propagated from the parent in an automated manner.

Reviewer: "Workflow" means the workflow code here, anything that runs in a `nonCancellable` scope will not be cancelled when the scope is cancelled, although the `cancelRequested` Promise will still `reject`ed  in case you want to know if there was a cancellation request.
Take a look at the sample it should make that clear.

<!--SNIPSTART nodejs-cancel-requested-with-non-cancellable-->
<!--SNIPEND-->

Callbacks are not particularly useful in Workflows because all meaningful asynchronous operations return Promises.

> In the rare case that user code utilizes callbacks, `CancellationScope.cancelRequested` can be used to subscribe to cancellation.

Reviewer 2: I don't understand this comment. `cancelRequested` does return `Promise`, so there is no specific requirement to consume this promise through a callback.

Reviewer: Yeah, this sentence (which I wrote) isn't clear.

```suggestion
In the rare case that user code utilizes callbacks and needs to handle cancellation, a callback can be used to consume the `CancellationScope.cancelRequested` `Promise`.
```

Reviewer: Maybe that's a bit better.

<!--SNIPSTART nodejs-shield-awaited-in-root-scope-->
<!--SNIPEND-->

> ## Scheduling Cron Workflows (stub)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Scheduling Cron Workflows
```

There is no official support for Cron Workflows in Node.js yet.

## Executing External Workflows (stub)

There is no official support for External Workflows in Node.js yet.

## Child Workflows (stub)

Besides Activities, a Workflow can also start other Workflows.

> There is no official support for Child Workflows in Node.js yet.

Reviewer: https://github.com/temporalio/sdk-node/pull/179 soon

<!--SNIPSTART nodejs-shield-awaited-in-root-scope-->
<!--SNIPEND-->

## Scheduling Cron Workflows (stub)

> There is no official support for Cron Workflows in Node.js yet.

Reviewer 2: I believe cron argument is already supported when starting workflows. @bergundy?

Reviewer: I have never tested it but I don't see a reason why it wouldn't work.

Reviewer: @sw-yx please update the doc

> ## Executing External Workflows (stub)

Reviewer: Hopefully we'll have those this week (child WFs + external WFs + signal external WF).

## Large Event Histories

### Why `ContinueAsNew` is needed

import SharedContinueAsNew from '../shared/continue-as-new.md'

<SharedContinueAsNew />

### The `ContinueAsNew` API

Use the `Context.continueAsNew` API to instruct the Node SDK to restart `main` with a new starting value and a new event history.

> ```ts

Reviewer: Let's only use snippets with snipsync please.

This example (taken from the tests) is unclear, let's use something like (draft, not tested):
```ts
import { Context, sleep } from '@temporalio/workflow';

async function main(iteration = 0): Promise<void> {
  if (iteration === 10) return;
  console.log('Running Workflow iteration:', iteration);
  await sleep(1000);
  await Context.continueAsNew<typeof main>(iteration + 1); // must match the arguments expected by `main`
  // Unreachable code, continueAsNew is like `process.exit` and will stop execution once called.
}
```

You might want to mention that you can `ContinueAsNew` from a signal and you can also `ContinueAsNew` to a different Workflow.

Author: adding this code sample in

we cant use snipsync until we have the home for these samples.

Reviewer: Please mention that you can ContinueAsNew from a signal and you can also ContinueAsNew to a different Workflow.
